TONG'S RESIDENCE
What's going on?
I've waited for six hours,
why hasn't he come out yet?
Usually, he will come out
after four hours.
-Put the rubbish in front of the door.
-Yes.
-Let's fight for it.
-I saw it first.
Great!
I have the painting of Tong Pak-fu.
-Give it to me.
It's mine.
-Master, isn't one dish of soy enough?
-Slowly, please.
Many people came for your paintings.
Why don't you bother?
I am in no mood to draw.
Just give them two more
baskets of rubbish.
Yes, Master.
Mr. Chuck.
Mr. Tong.
Help, Mr. Tong.
I think you must have lost
all your money again.
You understand me so well.
Everyone knows
you love gambling the most
among the Four Scholars.
"Having no money to live comfortably."
That is your motto, right?
You are flattering me!
It's nothing compared to
your wild and unruly behavior.
In fact, you are much luckier than me.
But you lose so much money every two days,
and you come to seek help from me
after losing money.
I don't think I can help you forever.
Sure!
Because of that,
I tried to risk it for the last time.
But I lost all the money
I could lose until my death
which are 300,000 taels.
So I need you to draw 30 pictures
-to save my life.
-Understood.
Shui, go out first.
Yes, Master.
Damn you, do you think I owe you that?
You need 30 pictures? No way!
Please! It's my fault.
I am now begging you to forgive me.
You should remember that I lent you
the porn magazine when you were a child!
Also, I always helped you
sell your paintings and made you rich!
Some loan sharks
are waiting for me outside.
They want me to get 30 paintings
of yours in 1 hour.
Otherwise, they'll kill me!
Will you help me or not?
One hour?
Well, since you are my buddy,
I will write a lament for your funeral.
"A bastard" or "A scumbag",
which one do you like?
Choose between these two.
Pak-fu, don't be that mean to me.
I swear.
If I gamble again,
I will be terribly assaulted
by an ugly woman until death.
Or until my penis becomes rotten.
Is it okay?
You made such a terrible oath!
Okay, I will save you for the last time.
Men, give me the stationery.
You are such a heroic friend,
how righteous!
Cut the crap and undress.
Undress?
What are you doing?
You can do this too?
TONG YAN
Fantastic!
It's worth being tortured!
What is it called?
It's great! It's called Great Eagle.
It's worth over 300,000 taels.
Don't bother me again.
Sure, but you amazed me.
You used my nipples to paint the flowers.
You used my palms to paint the trees.
My ass is used to paint the stones.
Clouds and mountains are drawn
with my feet.
As for the eagle,
which part of my body is used?
It's your penis.
I guessed it correctly.
It's so vivid! How wonderful!
Your penis is used to paint
the little worm in the eagle's mouth.
How wonderful can it be?
That's good.
It's useful anyway.
Tong Pak-fu was born
during the Ming Dynasty,
in the Year of the Tiger.
He was named Tong Yan.
"Yan" means tiger in Chinese,
so he was named Pak-fu or First Tiger.
He was very clever, and was good
at writing poems and painting.
He was the leading scholar
of the Four Scholars in Ming Dynasty.
Tong Yan was the idol of many people.
He was envied by many men
because he had eight pretty wives.
He seemed to be
the luckiest guy in the world!
Hands up! Do you have money?
Please lend it to me first.
Are you kidding? You are so poor!
Pay me now.
I have money. I can keep on playing.
You always win.
I wonder if you are a swindler.
Of course! I'm so lucky!
Dear, come and eat the chicken wings!
Why are you late?
Hey, are you ready?
We're ready.
My Hundred Flowers!
Don't be so mean. We're just using it
as a temporary tablecloth.
You are not dying, so you can draw
another one anytime you like.
-But--
-Cut the crap, play with me.
Fortune, make it three. Why not thirty?
Drink it!
-Hurry up!
-Let's start!
Are you ready?
TONG YAN'S POETRY
Gosh. What are you doing?
My poetry!
Look at this. The table is not balanced.
One book is not enough.
Bring me two more, please.
My first part is seven and eight, I win!
My second part is two and five, I win!
Again?
Why is a bird missing from my painting?
Cut the crap!
I lost a bird from my mahjong tile.
So I cut out the head to replace it.
You shouldn't be surprised!
You...
Mother, what are you doing?
I want to commit suicide!
Go and take a look at her now.
Hold it, let's finish this first.
Watch me, I am the winner.
You jinx!
Money, please.
Mother, are you crazy?
I am useless.
I've married you to eight wives,
but you aren't satisfied.
You always have a long face.
I think I have to kill myself
because I am ashamed!
Why do you say so?
I've never blamed you!
Pak-fu.
You are young and successful.
You are rich and you have so many wives.
You should be
the happiest guy in the world.
I never said I was unhappy.
Then why the long face?
Is it because you think
they don't deserve you?
It's easy to get a wife,
but it's not easy to get
a wife who understands me.
Although they are my wives,
they don't really understand my mind.
You don't like us?
We'd better commit suicide then!
What?
Eight of you
will hang yourselves together?
How amazing!
Help!
Daughters-in-law, are you all right?
Pak-fu.
Do you want them all to die?
Will you feel happy about that?
I don't mean...
Let me go, I want to die.
Don't do that!
-Mother, let us die.
-Just let us die.
Pak-fu, can you say something?
Shut up.
It's my fault.
All of you are very nice,
educated and civilized.
I should have appreciated that.
It's my fault.
I am sorry, please forgive me.
-I am glad about that!
Dear.
-Smile.
-Come on.
-Come on, smile.
-Right. Come on, smile.
Why don't you laugh happily?
You should laugh happily!
-Come on, be happy.
Show us a happy look.
-Fortune, make it two, why not eight?
-Four and four, you lose!
Let's play. Pak-fu, see.
They always want you to be happy.
Don't misunderstand them.
Do you understand me?
Madam, King Ning sent someone here
to visit Young Master.
-King Ning?
King Ning is planning a revolution.
Does he want to recruit you?
Anyway, just ask them to leave.
I don't want to see them.
Madam, they...
Where is Tong Pak-fu?
Our Majesty wants him
to be his consultant.
Ask him to come out now.
I am sorry.
My son is very sick. He can't see you now.
Please express our sincere thanks
to His Majesty.
What a coincidence!
Those we want to recruit always get sick.
But it has been predicted
by His Majesty already.
He asked us to bring the physician here
to check on his sickness.
Madam.
Tong Pak-fu.
Hey, isn't he sick?
He was seriously sick.
But how can a patient get an appetite
to eat chicken wings?
Yes, it's strange.
It's simple because...
I love chicken wings
But your mother said you are going to die
That's why he has to eat more
Before he dies
If he doesn't eat now
He'll have no chance to eat
Are you going to die?
I am going to die
-If I don't eat now
-I will have no chance to eat
But he doesn't seem to be seriously sick.
Sir, check the pulse for Mr. Tong.
See how serious his sickness is.
His pulse is normal.
I don't think he is sick.
How is he?
-Can I be saved?
-Let me try.
What's wrong?
I haven't experienced such a messy pulse.
-What did you feel from his pulse?
-Music!
What?
I think you have to prepare
for your funeral.
See you, Mr. Tong.
We shouldn't have wasted our time.
Let's go.
Sir, please save my...
Bastard, kneel.
Do you remember you made an oath
in front of your father's grave
that you will never show others
you know kung fu?
Why did you show kung fu then?
I remember, but it was an emergency.
I just used my kung fu to change my pulse.
But in case
your secret is discovered by our enemies,
you will be in danger.
Mother, who are our enemies?
Why don't you tell me?
I was afraid you'd look for trouble
if I told you when you were young.
But you've grown up,
so I should tell you anyway.
We have two enemies.
One is called Evil Scholar.
He fought with your father
for the ranking on the weapon list.
I was afraid he would play tricks,
so I stayed and watched over their duel.
Let me trap you instead.
Mr. Tin-ho, you will win, don't worry.
Higher than you.
Go to hell.
What is it?
Chussy.
Watch out.
Go to hell.
Chussy, you...
Be careful!
I have to use the last stance!
Go to hell.
Chussy, what the hell are you doing here?
Be careful!
Don't go! You should tell me
what you are doing here.
I love you, so I want to help you.
Do you think the red beans can help me?
They are not red beans.
It's my new invention, the Tiny Bombs!
What? Tiny?
Don't look down upon it.
It's really powerful when it explodes.
What? Powerful what? It will explode?
Damn you, Chussy. You want to play tricks?
The Killing Sword Stance
of the Evil Scholar?
In the most critical moment,
your father attacked him
with the most horrible weapon
in the world.
He turned the whole situation around.
Watch out.
My Wonder Spear!
Where is the spearhead?
Why?
That's why Father died in great sorrow.
He didn't expect Evil Scholar's Sword
to ruin the steel-made spearhead.
Before his death,
he made an invincible spearhead!
He was worried that the Evil Scholar
would kill the whole family.
How about the other enemy?
Who is the next one?
She was your father's girlfriend.
She fought with me for him.
But she got married later.
I don't think you will meet her.
-Get lost.
Don't distract me from gambling.
Mother, I want to leave home
for a few days.
I am afraid the people with King Ning
will come and bother us.
You should bring along the invincible
spearhead with you, just to be safe.
Remember.
-Let's play.
-Come on!
Since your father lost the duel,
Evil Scholar's Sword is ranked second
on the weapon list.
Our Tong's Spear is ranked third.
Siu Lee's Dagger is ranked fourth.
Move!
Who is the champion?
The mother of Siu Lee's Dagger,
but she passed away.
What a pity.
Cut the crap. Play with me.
Fortune, bingo. Make it six.
Drink.
You are too poor to compete with me.
Get lost, I want to play with Mother.
-Fortune, make it three. Why not nine?
You lost. Drink.
I am not scared.
Come on, bet now.
Fortune, four and four...
You lost, drink.
I am so miserable
My wives are abnormal housewives
But others envy me so much
In fact, I am lonely
Look, the Four Scholars are over there.
Go and have a look, hurry.
You can never escape.
Pak-fu, it's crowded.
We came here for a tour.
That's why the women are that crazy.
That's why!
Why don't we have a poetry competition?
Good idea!
Why don't you start first, Man-bun?
I am good in this field.
There are many geese under the mountain.
They rushed down to the river.
Let's roast a goose.
After eating, go home
and play with your wife.
Good, very good.
Very good.
Is it that funny?
Why is he always so happy
when he is on a trip?
I envy him so much.
He is so good
at writing poems.
And he is an excellent artist.
He is really great!
And he is good
at playing music too.
Right, I know how to play
all kinds of musical instruments.
I have studied a new kind of music.
It's great.
Let's play it together
if we have a chance.
-I love it.
-But I envy you because of your wives.
All your wives are pretty.
I don't think
you will have any regrets in your life.
I envy you so much.
Bravo.
There is something attractive.
Look, there is a beauty.
She seems to be lonely.
Why not show us
how to court a girl?
Let us learn!
Well...
It's like a charity for your friends.
Will you do that for us?
I am glad to demonstrate.
Go.
Miss.
What's the matter?
-Go.
May I put my head on your shoulder?
No, I am a girl. A decent girl.
I know, I want to make
my friends happy, that's all.
I am Tong Pak-fu.
So what? I don't know you.
I'll scream for help
if you don't leave me alone.
How about I'll pay you one tael?
Who do you think I am?
Make it ten.
That's too expensive.
Why don't you just rob me?
Right, I am a robber.
Give me all your money.
Go to hell.
What's wrong?
Did you really need to make
a serious punch like this?
A robber! It's a ladyboy!
-A ladyboy?
I love that. Hold this.
He is faster than me! Damn it.
Look, so many people!
Yes, it's crowded.
Chung-heung, Ha-heung,
shut up and behave yourself.
What's going on?
Excuse me.
Madam Wah and her four pretty maids
have come to pray.
The maids are all pretty.
Especially Chou-heung.
Who is she? Who is Chou-heung?
Look! That way.
Chou-heung.
Damn, she is not pretty at all.
You know,
a pretty woman is like a flower.
You'll be all eyes for her beauty
when some leaves are around.
Look once more.
-Pretty woman!
She is really pretty!
Let's go to the temple together.
-To look for fun!
You will be our leader!
Follow me.
-Give me.
Go away, go that way!
Move aside.
Let's make use of any chance
to take advantage.
Sure.
Give the beggars some bread.
-Yes, Madam.
-Give it to me.
Go.
Go!
Be merciful!
Any kind of bread will do! Come on!
It's yours, everyone will get his share.
Don't fight for it. It's yours.
Madam, this is for you.
Help! I am damn hungry!
Are you hungry? Eat this.
What? Is one not enough?
One more for you.
Come over, here's some bread.
Be good. Come on, eat this.
I've got it. The prettiest smile
is a smile with love.
I have found my dream lover.
She is Chou-heung.
Miss, are you here to worship God?
It's good to worship God.
You will be blessed.
Let me do it for you.
To worship God...
KEEP QUIET
Hey, chase after the boat of Madam Wah.
Fine.
Be careful.
You are wise to choose my boat.
My boat is the fastest one.
Really?
-Hey, your boat is sinking.
-Right, it's the fastest to sink.
-What's wrong? I am in a hurry!
-I think you are chasing Chou-heung.
How did you know that?
I have seen many of your kind.
But it's useless to court her
outside Madam Wah's residence.
What good idea would you suggest?
You should go to Madam Wah's residence.
-Suggest me some ideas, please.
-But it depends on your offer.
All right.
Listen.
Hey.
You can't move. Got it?
Don't try to trick me. You should pay me!
How can I trick a wise guy like you?
That's right.
Cheap man! A brand new cheap man for sale.
Come and have a look!
I'm so poor!
Hey, young man. Are you selling yourself
to bury your father?
But it's unlucky to see a dead body
early in the morning.
I didn't want to do this either.
You look familiar.
Have I met you somewhere before?
-Really?
-It doesn't matter, let's be friends.
Why don't you be merciful? Buy me, please.
What a pity.
We need a servant, why not...
I am poor.
I am selling myself
to bury my whole family!
Are you kidding me?
Be merciful.
My family died last night.
I am sick. Why don't you buy me?
I will even make it half price!
He is poorer.
Why don't we buy him to be our servant?
Let's buy him.
Lady, first come, first served.
I came first.
-It's not a problem of priority.
-Right.
He has to bury six people,
but you only have to bury one.
I want to help you, but it's difficult
for me to buy two people.
But I am poor too.
Show me how poor you are.
Well, I...
See how dirty my fingernails are?
I'm very pitiful, right?
Wong Choi.
Wong Choi, don't die! Don't die.
You have followed me for a long time.
You were so good to me.
But I have never given you
sufficient food.
I am really sorry.
Watch out.
Siu Keung, how are you?
Don't die, Siu Keung. Don't die.
We have suffered for such a long time.
I even treat you like my own relative.
How can you leave me like this?
Chou-heung, they are very poor.
What should we do?
-Let's wait and see.
-All right.
Damn!
Hey, wait.
Look at you. You look rich.
Why don't you go home and put on makeup?
Look at me. I am thin
and you can see the abscess on my arms!
I am poorer.
Buddy, don't challenge me.
So what?
-Are you pushing me?
-I am poorer, so what?
Go to hell!
Screw it!
Look, my arm is broken. Who is poorer now?
Don't go too far!
It's show-hand, so what?
I'll play with you.
Okay, I will show my hands too.
Are you playing tricks with me?
I don't want my life either.
Let's see how can you compete with me.
Who is poorer?
Bravo! You are really great.
Hey, he is dead. I can buy you now.
-Really?
-Right.
-Another five taels.
-How can you suddenly raise your price?
I want to bury him too.
You are so kind. Let's buy him.
Shek-lau, we have to ask
for Madam's permission first.
-Come again early tomorrow morning.
-I'm going to ask Madam now.
Thank you, Ms. Chou-heung.
Such a seducing smile!
Mother, I did it.
Since you are so kindhearted,
I'm now buying you to be a servant.
For six years. Any problem?
No problem.
-Sign the contract now.
-I am signing it.
Mo Chong-yuen has arrived.
Why don't you squat?
Kid, from today onwards,
you are a servant here.
9527 is your number. Start working.
-Life is difficult.
But you have to smile
even when you are scolded.
Life is difficult.
You have to smile
even when you are scolded.
-Life is difficult.
1001, 1002, 1003, 1004...
How can you do this? Once more.
One, two...
Hurry up.
Roast it carefully.
Reserve the best part for me.
It's time for dinner!
SERVANTS AND DOGS ARE NOT ALLOWED TO ENTER
Higher, fly it higher.
It's fun.
Here's a chance.
It's cut!
-What should I do?
-What happened, miss?
9527, get the kite down for us.
-Right. Hurry up.
-I'm a low-ranking servant.
I'm not allowed to enter this place.
We don't treat you
as a low-ranking servant.
I just treat you like a dog!
-Go and get it, go!
-Go.
Up there.
Ms. Chou-heung, nice to meet you.
I didn't have a chance to thank you.
But it's destiny for us to meet again.
Don't worry about the kite.
I will get it for you.
-Cut the crap. Go and get it now.
-Okay.
-9527, be careful!
Thank you for your concern,
Ms. Chou-heung.
9527.
What's wrong? Are you all right?
I am all right, but I broke my arm.
You are too careless!
I am scared of nothing
as long as I can get the kite for you.
It is just an arm. It's nothing.
I am sorry. I have misunderstood you.
Don't say that. Nobody is perfect.
No!
-Forget it.
-Don't go!
-Great! They are lovers at last!
What is he laughing about?
Let's see what he is doing.
9527, what are you doing? Come down now.
Coming!
Watch out!
Chou-heung, I am coming.
I heard
that you have been drawing
pictures of her secretly, right?
I have drawn many pictures.
Which one do you mean?
Look at what he has drawn.
How dare you! How dare you make
my beautiful goddess, Shek-lau,
so ugly in your picture?
I am sorry.
-Please give it back.
-You are not gifted at drawing.
You'd better quit!
I must let you learn from my work!
This is called a drawing, look!
You are very great at drawing!
I admire you so much!
Look!
You know what a drawing is now?
You are lazy
and you dare to fight with me for a girl.
Beat him up!
Stop fighting!
Stop or I will inform Madam!
Stop!
I am giving face to Ms. Chou-heung.
Let's go.
-Go.
Are you dying?
Not yet, I won't die
until I give you back the kite,
Ms. Chou-heung.
Let's go.
Not that easy! You broke our kite.
Let's beat him to death!
Luckily, I tried my best
to protect my face,
so my handsome look is not ruined.
I must tell her how much I love her.
She will be touched!
Who dares to beat me?
It's me. The prettiest woman, Shek-lau.
It's you? Why did you hit me?
Go to hell!
Why?
Why? Because you deserve it.
Now everyone knows
you have been drawing my picture secretly.
How will I face others?
I am better off dead.
-That's good.
-Of course you'd agree.
You want to die with me
like Romeo and Juliet.
Damn you, I don't like you at all.
Ms. Shek-lau, you've misunderstood.
In fact, I respect you so much.
I treat you like my mother.
Mother?
How could you fall for your mother?
Goodness, this is very bad!
But it's very exciting.
Come on, I've never experienced it.
I am a little bit nervous.
-Come on, hurry up.
-Hey.
Are you crazy?
Don't talk, do it now.
Don't save your energy
because I am pretty and civilized.
How unlucky of me to meet such a hag!
Good!
Sir.
Sir, we heard that the four maids
of Madam Wah are all pretty.
Especially Chou-heung. She is very pretty!
Chou-heung will go to our boss of course.
-Sure.
-Sir.
How about this one? Should we kill him?
No, he is one of us.
-Just knock him out.
-All right!
You must be the famous
Four Perverted Heroes.
Yes, we are the famous
Fine. To be frank,
I am the legendary, handsome, renowned,
perverted Little Wolf, Chow Pak-tung.
-I haven't heard of your name!
-Hey.
This little wolf is so fearless
that he assaulted this ugly woman.
How could I reject the name Little Wolf?
She is nothing.
There were girls who are worse than her.
I respect you so much.
May I call you Senior?
You are flattering me!
I heard that you want
to assault Chou-heung.
That's right.
If you don't mind,
let me bring you to her room!
Do you want to have a turn after me?
-You first of course.
-Thank you.
Clean your shoes. Don't leave any marks.
Where is Little Wolf?
Go get him to lead the way.
CHOU
Found it.
9527, why are you here?
You're in big trouble!
Some rapists have come for you.
I am scared. What should we do now?
I have misled their way.
This place is so big.
They won't find their way. Why not...
What's wrong with your nose?
It's bleeding.
The perverted thieves hurt me.
It's nothing. No big deal.
In order to save you,
I'm not afraid of anything.
You should hide first. Come with me.
Just to be safe, let me take a look first.
Never mind, I am fine.
Stop, you are the perverted thief!
You may call me a thief,
but I'm not a perverted thief.
You may call me a thief of love
because I steal hearts.
I don't care what kind of thief you are.
Stop playing tricks in front of me.
It will make me hate you more.
When you find out
that you are accusing me,
you will feel sorrow and regret.
-Follow me and hide first.
-Get lost.
If there is a thief,
why didn't you inform Madam,
but come here instead?
Don't think that you can take advantage
of innocent girls.
Let me tell you.
It's fine for a man to be poor,
but he should be well-behaved.
Although you are educated,
you are rubbish anyway.
Great! I am a man.
I should have beaten you to death
after hearing such insulting words.
But I won't do that. Maybe you are right.
-Maybe I am rubbish.
-Maybe more than rubbish.
I have to call you a bastard.
Good! But you hate me so much.
Then why did you give me
those three affectionate smiles?
Did I do that?
Look, you did it again.
Even though I smiled at you,
it is just to tease you
because you are an idiot.
I see. It's only a misunderstanding.
I'm sorry. I'm too stupid
to misunderstand your smile.
But you are really in danger.
You'd better be careful.
Why are there so many useless men
in this world?
I wonder if Tong Pak-fu
is the only ideal man in this world.
Only a romantic man
can write such a romantic poem.
"The temple is located inside
the peach blossom garden.
There is a fairy of peach blossom.
The fairy of peach blossom
planted the peach blossom trees.
She traded the flowers for sweet wine."
"The people thought I was insane.
But they don't really understand me.
Can't you see the graves of the heroes?
No flowers, no wine, but who cares?"
I love this poem!
Why are you standing there?
You recited Tong Pak-fu's poem.
In fact, it's an insult.
You're not qualified to recite his poem.
Get lost now.
Watch out, it's dangerous.
Chou-heung, I finally understand.
How dare you! You have gone too far.
If you don't leave,
I won't give you a chance.
Don't force me to use the last move.
Chou-heung, you are too impulsive.
I don't blame you. You are still young.
But I really love...
Cross Killing Rod!
I must tell you the truth.
Listen, I am Tong Pak-fu!
Tong Pak-fu?
Yes?
If you were Tong Pak-fu,
I would be the goddess!
Go to hell!
It's so destructive!
Little Wolf, you are really a pervert!
Wake up, Senior!
"Senior"?
Thief!
Come out and catch the thieves!
-Thief!
-Take her away.
Let me go!
-Let me go!
-Go!
-Help! Hands off!
-Don't move, surrender now!
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Come on.
Attack!
Mo Chong-yuen,
how did these thieves get in?
Madam.
Speak.
Madam, I saw 9527 with these people.
Our residence will not be safe
if a thief is living in our residence.
-Take them to the police.
-All right.
I am being framed, Madam.
Madam, I have picked up
a book from the ground.
TONG YAN'S POETRY
Shit.
Whose book is this?
I've said it many times.
Tong Pak-fu's stuff is not allowed here.
Whose book is it? Confess now.
Chou-heung, do you know whose book it is?
-Madam, I...
-Tell me now.
Madam, I know.
Tell me.
It's mine.
If you want to punish someone,
please punish me.
-Mo Chong-yuen.
-Yes, Madam.
Whom should I punish?
Madam, please punish me.
All right. Fine.
Take him out and chop him into pieces.
Then feed our dogs.
-Go.
-Don't!
In fact, I wanted to mislead the thieves
to save Chou-heung.
Madam.
I don't care what your relationship
with the thieves is.
But you deserve to be killed
for having Tong Pak-fu's book.
Madam, please listen to my explanation.
What explanation?
Madam, my hometown is Suzhou
I was wealthy
But Tong Pak-fu was such a bastard
He colluded with the government
He took away my wealth
My grandfather argued with him
But he was beaten to death
My grandmother scolded him
But she was dragged to his residence
How pitiful was she
She was assaulted over 100 times
She hanged herself to death at last
Tong Pak-fu kicked my father and me
Out of our house
To feed my father, I became a beggar
But Tong Pak-fu was too cruel
He sent someone to attack us
My father and I were beaten terribly
I am stronger than my father
But my father was beaten to death
I could never forget this
To bury my father, I had to sell myself
To save money and to study
At the same time
In hopes to get a degree
And gain power in the government
So that I can take revenge
That's why I take his poetry with me
To remember him always
It's too exciting!
I want to praise him.
No, I can't show this.
But this feeling is amazing.
Such a touching story!
He told his story in the form of rap!
It's really interesting and touching!
I am very amazed.
Right, and his creativity...
It's rich and powerful!
He is so creative!
Yes, he is creative!
I am now full of power!
-Thank you, 9527.
It's not touching enough yet.
Watch me.
What do we have to poop after eating?
After pooping, we have to clean it.
Damn!
So Tong Pak-fu is your enemy.
Yes, Madam.
Madam, look at this man.
I don't think he is useless.
He seems to be educated.
Now, there is a vacancy in the study room.
Why don't you ask him
to help the young masters
with their studies?
Since Chou-heung asked for mercy,
I won't kill you.
From now on,
I will name you Wah Shington!
I don't think that name suits me.
Then, I'll call you Wah On.
Thank you.
WAH'S RESIDENCE
I want Chou-heung to get the ink for me.
Do you want to fight with me
for Chou-heung?
-I am older than you. She is mine.
-That's nonsense.
-Do you want to compete with me?
-Go ahead!
Damn you!
How dare you! Go to hell.
How dare you!
I want to teach you a lesson!
For Chou-heung, I won't give a damn!
I am finally the servant
This is within my expectation
I am closer to Chou-heung now
I am in a good mood, very good mood
Where are the young masters?
-Who are you?
I am a servant who will help
with your studies.
You are the jerk
who disturbed my sleep last night.
Right. You look great!
I am pleased to serve you.
I love this guy.
-I'll treat you like a human being then.
-Get me tea.
Sorry, there are three things I don't do.
What are they?
I won't serve others tea.
I won't wash clothes or clean the floor.
I won't make my bed.
Just like us.
-What do you know then?
-I know...
how to play all kinds of music!
I know fortune-telling.
I know how to court women too.
-Really?
-Show us something now.
I don't think it's fine
to show my skills here.
I think you are bluffing!
Read our fortunes then.
I don't think you're capable.
If I am not wrong,
then you must be mentally retarded.
-You are so good!
-I admire you so much!
-May I call you Brother?
I don't mind.
From now on, bring me tea,
wash my clothes and make my bed.
Wah Man, Wah Mo.
Why are you kneeling on the floor?
-We're calling him our brother.
How can you be their brother?
It's just a joke, please forgive me.
-No, Wah On. We will follow you.
Young man.
How dare you recruit my students?
Who are you?
-May I know your name?
-May I know your name first?
No, may I know your name?
-No, may I know your name first?
-I have to know your name first.
-I'll tell you mine later.
-I won't, unless you tell me yours.
No way.
I come from Sishui.
I am the teacher of the Wah family.
Who are you?
I come from Suzhou.
I am a mere servant in the Wah family.
That's all about me.
How dare you!
Do you know how powerful I am?
I will kill everything that's in my way!
Wah Man, Wah Mo.
Sir, what are you doing?
What's wrong with him?
Father, you accidentally killed
the teacher.
Congratulations, you killed him!
No.
I saw him performing some sort
of incantation to summon the gods.
He thought he was invincible.
But he failed,
so he stabbed himself to death.
Right?
Yes, that's right.
-Right.
-Right. Hey!
-Take the corpse out.
-Yes.
Who are you?
-He's Wah On. He helps us study.
-Yes, Father.
Wah On, you helped me a lot.
It's nothing!
I want to promote you
to Senior Studying Companion.
You're responsible for educating them,
do you understand?
Thank you, sir.
SENIOR STUDENT COMPANION
Wah On, go ahead.
Come on!
Wah On, come on.
Just like what you did that night.
-Fine, listen to me.
-Fine.
Wah On has two eyes.
Three ladies have six breasts.
-What's wrong?
-Wah On is telling dirty jokes.
Right.
-Ms. Chou-heung.
-Wah On.
Were you joking around with others?
No, I was reciting a poem.
-What kind of poem?
-Tong Pak-fu's poem?
Of course not.
-Tong Pak-fu is my enemy.
-You can't fool me!
But you are good
at making such an interesting story
in a limited time.
Ms. Chou-heung, you are really wise.
But why did you impersonate
Tong Pak-fu that night?
Guess.
I know, you must know Tong Pak-fu.
Of course.
Can you introduce him to me?
I am Tong Pak-fu.
Don't joke around. I mean it.
Everybody knows Tong Pak-fu.
He was born wild.
But he doesn't know me.
I think you have misunderstood
Tong Pak-fu.
Being wild is just on the surface.
But from his poems,
I can tell that he is a passionate
and righteous man.
Hey.
What are you doing?
I feel so touched that I want to cry.
You are a great observer.
If Tong Pak-fu had a friend like you,
he wouldn't have any regrets.
You are lying.
Ms. Chou-heung.
What do you think about me?
I think
you are a fool.
Ms. Chou-heung.
Are you willing to study poems and songs
with this fool at midnight
in front of the willow tree?
Fine.
Thank you.
Don't mention it.
-Goodness!
Chou-heung, Tong Pak-fu is caught
by our security, Mo Chong-yuen.
Help!
-Shut up.
-Why?
I met this guy at the market.
He claimed to be Tong Pak-fu.
He was selling Tong Pak-fu's paintings.
So, I brought him here to you, Madam.
It's the painting of Tong Pak-fu.
I was framed. I am not Tong Pak-fu.
If you are not him,
why do you have so many paintings of his?
I stole them
when Tong Pak-fu wasn't at home.
You say you are not Tong Pak-fu.
Who are you then?
I am Chuck Chi-shan, I swear!
You still won't admit it?
Fine, Tung-heung.
Ask Wah On to come here.
I want him to identify his enemy,
Tong Pak-fu.
Yes, Madam.
Wah On?
Madam.
What's the matter?
I talked too much yesterday
that my muscle hurts.
Identify this guy.
Tell me if he is Tong Pak-fu.
All right.
It's you.
How can you recognize me?
-I definitely know you. You are Tong--
-Right.
I am the one Tong Pak-fu wanted to kill!
If you don't want to die,
you'd better shut up.
Madam, Tong Pak-fu is always masked
when he does bad things.
I am not very sure.
Well, don't miss out on this chance.
-Kill him.
-Hold it.
He must be somebody to Tong Pak-fu.
So why not let him live?
Maybe we can get Tong Pak-fu by using him.
Well, I can let him live,
but with severe punishment.
Shek-lau, lock him up in the storeroom.
Torture him as you like.
Thank you, Madam.
-What do you want?
-Bring him in.
Don't touch me. I am still a virgin.
How enjoyable!
Do you want to kill me
to keep your secret?
Shut up. You'd better run for your life.
No, I don't want to leave.
I have good food here
and I get to sleep with a wonderful woman.
Are you kidding?
I mean it. I owe the loan sharks
too much money.
-This is the best place for me to hide.
-You...
Someone is coming.
Are you all right?
What's the matter, Ms. Chou-heung?
Are you Tong Pak-fu?
Why do you ask me this question?
Actually, I admire Tong Pak-fu very much.
I want to meet him.
Please tell me the truth.
Right, I am Tong Pak-fu.
What noise is it?
It's the noise of some animals.
Shut up.
Chou-heung.
It's fated for us to meet.
Let's have a long chat.
May I ask you a question?
Sure.
But to show that you are sincere enough,
you have to answer a question first.
Close your eyes.
Relax.
Put your head on my left shoulder.
Don't be nervous. Don't you trust me?
Relax.
Let your face touch mine slowly.
Right, good girl.
-I cannot stand this anymore.
-Hey, I am coming.
Somebody is coming.
Miss, who are you?
Don't you remember me?
You just slept with me!
I am a civilized man.
What are you talking about?
You tried very hard just now.
But there was no one else.
What? I don't care.
I want to play a game with you now.
The Beauty and the Beast!
I know Tong Pak-fu now.
Wah On is even better than him.
Thank you, Ms. Chou-heung.
Why are you here?
I came to watch something. How about you?
Me too.
Let's watch together.
This is great.
Really?
Do you think I am nothing?
-Once more.
-I'll give you more!
-Move.
Your Excellency,
King Ning is coming with a troop.
Dear, His Majesty always goes against you.
In the government meeting,
you are his political enemy.
He is bringing his troop here.
I'm afraid he has some tricks
up his sleeve.
We should be careful.
Here comes King Ning.
How are you?
Thank you for visiting us.
I heard
you love Chinese paintings very much.
I tried very hard to find
Tong Pak-fu's paintings for you.
Your Majesty.
Enough. Bring me the paintings.
Yes.
It's really vivid! What a nice painting!
Right? It's so great!
I have remounted it.
Look at the king of the birds.
It looks as if it is alive.
It really is the king of the birds.
How could I accept such a precious gift?
If you don't, you're not giving me face.
Do you want me to get mad?
Don't get mad.
I want to have a look at the painting too.
All right. Since you love paintings too,
have a look.
Chou-heung, come and have a look.
Yes, Madam.
This is Peacock painted by Tong Yan.
But a peacock
is an ordinary bird after all.
Even though you have remounted it,
it won't help.
After all, an ordinary bird
can't become a phoenix.
Your Majesty, please forgive her.
She is still new
in studying about paintings.
Please forgive her ignorance.
Your Majesty, since they're experts
in Pak-fu's paintings,
they must have kept
better paintings of Tong Yan here.
You are right.
Madam, why don't you show me
the paintings of Tong Yan?
Frankly, we don't have
any of Tong Pak-fu's paintings.
Goodness, you are fooling His Majesty.
-Your Excellency.
-Your Majesty.
Tong Pak-fu is now
staying in our guest room.
Chou-heung, please bring Tong Pak-fu here.
Yes, Madam.
Madam, here comes Tong Pak-fu.
Tong Pak-fu.
I want you to draw a picture of a phoenix
for His Majesty.
All right. I want to know
how nice your phoenix is!
If you can't draw a nice phoenix,
you might be killed.
Tong Pak-fu, draw it now.
It's done.
Look, this is Holy Phoenix.
What? It's only a chick.
Something is missing.
A halo, right here.
Look, isn't it holy now?
Gosh, how dare you fool me!
Thank you, Your Majesty.
I've always known he wasn't Tong Pak-fu.
Now, we've found out the truth
from his painting.
-Take him out.
-Yes.
I heard you are great at writing poems.
My consultant wants to learn
something from you.
No, the others will tease
Our Excellency of bullying your people.
Right.
There's no such thing
as ranking in literature.
This is just for fun.
If you don't accept this challenge,
I'll lose my temper.
Begin!
A for apple and B for boy.
C for cat and D for dog.
E for egg and G for girl.
Come on, continue it.
Are you not giving me face?
I will lose my temper!
Don't make me angry.
Please let me try.
Doe, a deer, a female deer.
Ray, a drop of golden sun.
Me, a name I call myself.
Far, a long, long way to run.
Great distich!
-Wah On, you came in time!
-It's all right. Don't worry.
I am the consultant of His Majesty,
The Number One Distich Writer,
Tu Chuen-chang.
I have studied for two years.
I am a servant here. Call me Wah On.
Okay. Let me play with you.
Sorry, we can't control ourselves.
Let's start now.
In pictures,
the dragons and tigers won't roar.
In chess,
the horses and the generals can't fight.
Bravo.
An A, a B, a C, and a D.
An E, an F, a G, and an H.
Wah On! You are a good distich writer!
Raise another distich.
See, a jerk standing over there.
Here, a bastard is sitting before me.
I am a hero on the battlefield.
You are a chicken in bed instead.
I can't be embarrassed
in front of a small potato!
Let's plant the trees together.
For the grave of your father.
My grandmother has prepared supper.
My godfather has slept
with your grandmother.
Bravo!
Writing distich is for fun only.
But why are you hurt
while playing this game?
I wonder how powerful the words are.
Wah On, it's fine here.
-Go back and clean the floor.
-Yes, Your Excellency.
Your Majesty, forgive my little servant.
He stopped you from losing your temper.
Fine. Evil Scholar.
Bring the painting granted by the emperor
to show to Mr. Wah.
-Yes.
-Let's look at it together.
Please catch the painting.
Watch out.
It's not convenient to look at it here.
Let's go over there.
It's a precious painting.
You'd better keep it carefully.
We have plenty of time!
Is Madam in danger?
Let's go and take a look.
All right, let's go.
Madam, how are you?
What's the matter?
I won't tell you.
Ms. Chou-heung.
-I was punched three times.
-How ugly!
I was beaten eight times.
Someone is uglier than me at last!
Ms. Chou-heung, what happened?
I was beaten over 30 times.
Ghost!
She's Chou-heung!
Yes, she was seriously beaten.
Did she get hurt by the most horrible...
Yes, she got hurt from the Faceless Kick.
Damn! She was kicked by me.
I thought it was a ghost.
Ms. Chou-heung.
-What have I done?
-You got hurt
by the most horrible Faceless Kick
and you were in danger.
Luckily, I saved you with my Beauty Fist
and returned you to normal.
You are fine now.
-Thank you, Wah On.
-Don't mention it.
-Wah On, is my face okay now?
-Your chin is still a little ugly.
Use more force.
Chou-heung, your pretty face is back!
Madam!
Mr. Wah, I was so kind
to show you the painting.
Why did you tear it?
Please don't be mad. I didn't mean to.
Cut the crap.
You've ruined the royal treasure.
I will report to His Majesty.
He will execute your whole family!
Wait!
About the Spring and Autumn
you've just presented,
I don't think it's the real one.
How dare you fool me?
It was given by the emperor.
How can it be fake?
I am going to lose my temper.
Hold it. In fact, the real
Spring and Autumn is being kept here.
It has always been kept in our house.
If you don't believe me, let me show you.
Chou-heung, follow me.
Your Majesty.
Fine, I want to know
what you are going to show me.
You'll be in deep trouble later.
Wah On, what are you doing?
How can we have the Spring and Autumn
drawn by Tong Pak-fu?
What should we do now?
Chou-heung, please bring me the ink.
No, we have no choice. Get me the ink.
-What?
-Get me some ink.
I have to draw it by memory.
But it's hard to imitate
the painting of Tong Pak-fu!
I hope King Ning will be fooled.
Impossible!
How will he get tricked by my painting?
Wah On, you've messed up!
You will be killed
and so will the Wah family!
You'd better leave.
Nobody is outside, go now.
-Did you paint it?
-Yes.
I earned my living
by imitating Tong Yan's paintings.
I've imitated Spring and Autumn
a hundred times.
Hopefully, it can save us.
This is for me to survive,
so I have to carry it.
-How can you draw so fast?
-I was slow this time.
This is the painting by Tong Pak-fu.
How can you claim this is true?
What proof do you have?
Why don't you ask the expert to check it?
Tu Chuen-chang.
Are you still alive? If you are,
come and check out this painting.
-Is this going to work?
-We'll have to take our chances.
This is really drawn by Tong Yan.
Are you kidding me? Impossible.
Look carefully!
It's true, but it's rather wet.
The weather is misty, so it's wet.
Yes, it's misty.
You may die now.
Your Majesty, you are too careless.
How could your painting get stolen?
Maybe the emperor will execute you
after he finds out about this.
But we are friends.
Take this as my regard.
Keep it safe!
Otherwise, it may be stolen again.
Your Majesty, we should leave.
He is difficult to handle.
Fine, let's go.
Hold it.
You said you wanted to lose your temper.
Remember?
Good. I'll show you.
Are you scared?
Why didn't you kill them?
That servant is not that simple.
I was almost trapped.
What do you mean?
Your kung fu is the most powerful
in the world, isn't it?
Why are you scared of a little servant?
Your Majesty, my sword is powerful.
I was afraid it would hurt you.
You humiliated me.
Your Majesty, I swear.
In three days, after I recover,
I will take revenge for you
and kill Mr. Wah.
And his wife, Madam Wah.
And the servant.
And Chou-heung.
Anyway, kill them all!
Yes, sir!
-Brother, are you comfortable?
-Quite comfortable.
Brother, you have a move
called Beauty Fist.
Can you use that move to make us handsome?
Yes, please beat us.
But you are too handsome!
But I don't mind being more handsome.
-Right. Please give me some tea.
-Brother...
Really? How can you talk like this?
It's our duty to serve you!
How can you mention the word "please?"
Don't you take us as your fellows?
The word "please" will disappoint us,
causing hormonal imbalance
and fecal incontinence.
It will drive us crazy
and I might poop on your body.
It's only a "please."
Don't you think you're a little dramatic?
-Stop laughing. I'm serious.
-We're serious.
Understood. You jerks, bring me some tea.
-Right.
-Right. I love that, Brother!
Thank you, Brother.
-Mother.
-What?
Where are you going?
To get some tea.
Get out. I have something
to say to Wah On.
Okay.
-Please be seated.
-After you, Madam.
Wah On, you've done a lot for us.
Here is a cup of ginseng tea.
Drink it. It's nutritious.
-Wah On.
-Thank you, Ms. Chou-heung.
You're welcome. Drink it while it's hot.
You are educated.
I think you should be recruited
by the government.
Why are you serving in our residence?
Madam, I don't care about
serving in the government.
Moreover, you and Ms. Chou-heung
treat me so nicely
that I wish I can stay
in the residence forever.
What a wonderful scholar you are,
Tong Pak-fu!
Are you talking to me?
Stop pretending.
From your kung fu and poetry,
I have guessed something.
Although I hate your family very much,
you saved me yesterday.
I am very reasonable. I won't harm you.
Just confess!
I am not, but even if I say yes,
I won't be able to do anything
if you really want to harm me.
-Do you understand what I'm talking about?
-Yes, I do,
but you still have to confess one day.
Make it tomorrow.
You are so cocky!
So what?
Fine.
I will marry Chou-heung off to you
if you confess.
-Madam.
-Really?
You must keep your promise.
That's right.
I am the wise and handsome hero,
Tong Pak-fu.
Madam.
You are nosy.
-Madam, you...
-I didn't keep my promise, so what?
I want you to die now!
Hey, please stay calm. No weapons, please.
Are you begging me?
Tong Tin-ho, you heartless guy.
I couldn't kill you,
but I can kill your son
to avenge my broken heart.
Don't blame me for being frank.
How can you kill me with these guys?
Are you kidding me?
Let me tell you.
The ginseng tea you just drank is poisoned
by something called
the Greatest Drug in the World.
How can you claim it to be
the greatest drug in the world?
How about my Tong's Killing Pill?
Bullshit.
The Greatest Drug in the World
is made of seven venomous insects
and arsenic trioxide,
under 49 days processing.
It's tasteless and colorless.
No one can stay alive after taking it.
My Tong's Killing Pill is made of honey,
fritillaria cirrhosa, and balloon flower,
plus snow lotus from Tin Shan.
No freezing
or preservative ingredients added.
It's a powerful poison.
And it tastes good too.
You will lose your kung fu
after taking my drugs,
and your blood will flow
in the opposite direction until death.
At last, you will explode and die.
Right, after eating
my Tong's Killing Pill,
you won't be able to move
even one step or smile.
Otherwise, your whole body will explode.
It's so convenient.
To kill a person.
-And it's easy to carry too.
Where is it being sold?
You are lucky. I have one here.
I don't think it's powerful.
No, my pill is the most powerful drug!
What a joke! You are bluffing!
You don't believe me?
Do you dare to take one?
-Do you think I'm afraid?
-I don't think you dare to take it.
-Okay, I will take it.
-Go ahead.
-All right.
-Eat this.
How dare you challenge me?
-Go ahead if you have guts.
-I have guts, of course.
Watch me.
Do you think I am an idiot? Eat this?
Eat this.
You are not stupid. You are very stupid.
Now that we are all poisoned,
why don't we exchange antidotes?
Damn you, are you threatening me?
Madam, it's not worth to take the risk.
Your life is precious.
Hey, lock him up in the storeroom.
Let him die there.
-Yes.
-Madam, please be merciful.
-Enough.
Bullshit. I don't think
his poison can kill me.
If worse comes to worse,
I won't smile or walk.
Chou-heung.
Shut up.
I have stolen many antidotes
from Madam's exercise room.
See which one of these can save you.
I appreciate that
you took the risk to save Wah On.
Wah On?
In fact, when you drew that painting,
I've long known your identity.
I didn't expect that
you would confess your identity.
Chou-heung,
I have done all that just for...
I want to ask you a question.
Please answer me.
What is it?
Is Tong Pak-fu your nickname?
No. Why do you ask?
Pak-fu, Pak-fool...
It's really funny!
If you don't want to answer me,
just forget it.
Thank you.
What color do you like?
Many colors. Let's say, yellow.
Yellow? This color?
Yes.
That's why you always follow me.
Other than drawing,
what hobbies do you have?
Nothing special.
Just listening to music
or playing the flute.
-You know how to play the flute! Great!
-Yes.
-Let me teach you sometime.
-Okay.
You are the leading scholar
of the Four Scholars.
Have you felt any pressure?
That's a good question.
It's a huge pressure.
So I always have a trip
to reduce my pressure.
I understand.
Did you invent the Tong's Killing Pill?
-Of course not. I fooled Madam Wah.
-You are cunning!
Do you think she has found the antidote?
It's not here.
So unlucky!
I want to ask you,
are you scared of ghosts?
Tong Pak-fu is despicable.
He made me jump for a few days.
Madam, since you're not poisoned,
why don't you set him free?
Chou-heung, if you weren't
my favorite maid,
I would have kicked you out of my home.
Don't mention Tong Pak-fu again.
-Madam.
-Get out of here.
I have served you for years.
You've treated me nicely.
I can't repay that with my life.
Please forgive me
because I'm going to beg you
to let Tong Pak-fu go.
I wish to be punished
on behalf of Tong Pak-fu.
Chou-heung, how dare you!
-Chou-heung.
If you don't promise me, I won't get up.
-Madam!
I won't change my mind.
Madam!
What are you doing?
We are like sisters.
Please let Tong Pak-fu go
for the sake of Chou-heung.
-Tung-heung.
-Please, we beg you.
What do you mean?
Drag them out.
-Madam.
Mo Chong-yuen, where have you gone?
How dare you mess things up here!
Mr. Wah has offended His Majesty.
You were lucky last time.
But I won't let you go now.
I want to kill your whole family.
You are not qualified
to mess things up here.
-Tung-heung, inform Mr. Wah now.
-Yes.
Go.
What's the matter?
Follow me.
What happened?
-The Evil Scholar is here to kill.
-Evil Scholar?
-You should go, it's dangerous out there.
-What about you?
-Forget about me, go!
-Hey.
Chou-heung.
Madam means the world to me.
I'll stay with her no matter what happens.
Open the door first.
-Wah On.
-What?
I love you.
What did you say? Chou-heung!
Go and help!
Where are you going?
Chou-heung, ask Wah On to help us.
Only Wah On can help us.
Wah On has left.
He is so disloyal!
Father, Mother has left.
Let's run for our lives.
Sure.
Madam.
-Madam.
-How are you?
Madam.
-Wah On?
-He is Tong Pak-fu.
Be careful! You're still poisoned.
Don't worry, I got the antidote
from your exercise room.
I took some time to take a bath
and get changed.
Evil Scholar,
you tricked my father in the duel.
Let's see if you can defeat me too.
So you are the son of that poor fellow.
That's why you look familiar!
I have to avenge my father now.
Tong's Spear should be number one
on the weapon list.
Watch me.
Your father was stupid, and so are you!
Why did you stab me without its head?
But it's still powerful!
I've made it powerful
even though there is no head.
Now, die.
From now on, our Tong's Spear
is the champion on the weapon list.
Wah On, are you all right?
I am fine, how about you?
Great. I am so glad you came in time.
Tong Pak-fu, I have to thank you
for saving our family.
How can I reward you?
You are welcome. I only have one request.
I know, you love Chou-heung, right?
I will marry her off to you.
Bravo!
DOUBLE HAPPINESS
Why are there so many brides?
Tong Pak-fu, although I promised
to marry Chou-heung off to you,
there is one condition.
Pick Chou-heung among the brides.
Wah Man.
"You should find her
before the incense burns out.
There are several rules.
First, stand behind the yellow line.
Second, the brides
can't make any noise.
Third, don't use anything
to touch the brides."
That's all.
If you can't find Chou-heung
within the limited time,
you'll lose.
Then, Chou-heung will marry my sons.
Brother, we are on the waiting list.
Don't blame us.
Madam, please don't fool me.
Mr. Tong, what do you mean?
In such conditions,
how will I be able to find Chou-heung?
I can speak from my heart
that I love Chou-heung wholeheartedly.
Why do you have to trick me?
Tong Pak-fu, you said you were poor.
You were willing to sell yourself
to be our servant.
There was a contract too.
But in fact, you came here
to court Chou-heung.
It's you who fooled us first.
No! Read the first line of the contract
horizontally, please.
"I came for Chou-heung."
Yes, I came for Chou-heung.
I've told you why I was here.
But you were not wise enough to read it.
Don't be that cocky.
I want to fool you, so what?
Fool me? Why don't you go
and study for two more years?
I'll take her away. What can you do?
No one can stop me.
Go ahead and try.
This is the Wah's residence!
I'll ask His Excellency
to sue you in front of the emperor.
You will be sentenced to death!
Damn you, how dare you!
You are so shameless!
How dare you scold me?
Go to hell!
Take it back.
I won't forgive you.
Come on.
You bitch! Don't pull me.
Mother.
Stop or I will kick you to death.
Stop!
Tong Pak-fu, Chou-heung is our maid.
If you want to marry her,
you should follow our rules.
The incense is going to be burnt out.
Think of something.
Fine, I will try my best.
I will find Chou-heung.
Wonder World.
Great Waves.
First stance! Wonder Palm.
Not this one.
Once again!
Substitution.
In double!
Damn!
Tong Pak-fu, are you dying?
Wonder Palm?
Not exactly.
It's you who is making me
use my last stance!
Turtle Ball...
It's strong.
Air...
He is so powerful!
Is he Superman?
Stance!
What the heck?
Look, Tong Pak-fu.
I have something
to fight against your stance!
Damn you, how dare you trick me?
I love it, so what?
Damn you, go to hell!
No.
The incense is going to be burnt out.
Chou-heung will marry my sons.
Am I destined to be alone?
My goodness.
"The people thought I was insane.
But they don't really understand me.
Can't you see the graves of the heroes?
No flowers, no wine, but who cares?"
I know!
Time's up.
Right on time.
Chou-heung.
My goodness, why did you tremble
when I recited my poem?
I didn't! I just wanted to go
and take a leak.
Do you have a knife?
What for?
I want to commit suicide.
No, you have to marry me first.
I prefer dying.
Buddy, how dare you court my girl?
Your girl is over there!
Chou-heung.
Hurry and have the wedding now.
Tidy up first. That's better.
Kneel.
The wedding starts now.
Chou-heung, after so many tests,
I believe that
he loves you wholeheartedly.
Now, I will let him marry you.
Thank you, Madam.
Tong Pak-fu, are you satisfied?
What else do you want to say?
What an interesting life!
I want to go and take a leak.
You're looking forward to
the first night with her, right?
Tong Pak-fu, don't let us down.
Treat Chou-heung well.
Madam, I am sorry.
I have misunderstood you.
You will always be our brother.
We wish you a long, happy life.
Just like today!
Thank you.
Chou-heung, after so many difficulties...
We are married at last.
Congratulations. You're really great!
Your wife is so pretty.
Why don't you kiss your bride now?
Come on.
Hold it!
Play a guessing game with me.
You don't know how to play?
How about mahjong,
Heaven and Nine, or Blackjack?
You should know at least
one of these, right?
THE END